Greetings everyone. Today I am going to show you
three new presets that I have prepared. The first
one is increasing the realism of Qwen image
models. If you remember, this was the result
that we were getting after training our model. Now
with this preset, we are going to get this result.
When you look at the images, you can see how much
it is increasing the realism without losing the
complexity and features of the prompt. You see,
this is a very hard prompt, and if you need more
realism, you can even increase the new LoRA weight
that we are going to use, a realism LoRA, and get
a more realistic image like this one. For example,
this was the base image we were getting. Now with
the new LoRA, we are going to get this image. Here
another case, base image, and with the new preset,
we get this. Another example, base image, with
the new preset we are going to get this, and if we
increase further, we are going to get this. This
is a good example, base image, with the new preset
we are going to get this image, and we can even
further increase the realism like this. Remember,
these are all hard prompts, not a prompt that you
generate a close shot of a face. From this base
image into this realistic image, or even further
into this image. Another case, from this image
into this image or this image. Another case, from
this image into this image or this image. You will
see that it is hugely improving the realism of the
images. From this base image into this image or
this image, it will look much better. For example,
from this image into this one. For example,
from this base image into this image. I mean, look
at the realism that we are getting. From this into
this, this is a very, very realistic image. Or
you can even further increase the realism like
this one. And pay attention, we are still keeping
the image as it is. We are just increasing the
realism. This is really, really good. I did
a huge amount of tests and experimentation
to come up with this workflow. With just the
addition of a LoRA with the proper settings,
you are going to increase the realism. By the
way, these are just grid images. These are not
cherry-picks. Therefore, these are not perfect,
but understand that you are going to get a huge
realism boost with this workflow. Or from this
image into this one, I mean look at the realism
that we are going to get or this one. Here another
case from this one into this one or into this one.
Here another case from this image into this one
or into this one. Or another case from this image
into this one or into this one. So you can get
a huge amount of realism with our new preset.
This preset will not only work on trained models.
This was the base generation of the Qwen model,
and with using this new preset, you
can get up to this realism. I mean,
from this base image into this image, this is
a huge boost of realism for this model. It is
not perfect, but Qwen can do very hard
prompts very beautifully. So therefore,
this model has huge amount of potential with this
realism LoRA that we are going to have. And this
LoRA doesn't only increase the realism of the
fantastic prompts. This is like a studio shot,
and you can increase your studio shot realism
like this case as well. Here another case,
this is a base image, and this is with the realism
LoRA. And even further, you can get to this.
Another thing that I'm going to show you is
how to do inpainting on massive images really
fast and really quickly. So we will just
inpaint the head like, mask it like this,
and only that area will be generated by the model
so easily, so well. You will see it. You see,
we will be improving our images significantly from
this face to this face. I will show everything.
Furthermore, I am also going to show you how to
outpaint images with an updated workflow that
works amazing. You see, this is a massive outpaint
from this input image into this output image. It
is almost perfect. I will show even outpainting
the entire image from all sides. You see from
1328 into 1536. We will be able to outpaint
massively even big images at once like this.
So keep watching to learn all. Moreover, you will
be able to fix only certain parts of the images,
like removing this annoying text. You see the
text is gone fully. It is looking perfect. With
just inpainting this area of the image,
it will be super fast, super accurate.
It is not going to change any other area of
the image, just the masked area of the image
will be changed. So today, I will show both
realism and inpainting in SwarmUI very easily.
And we have another preset, ultra realism. This
preset will work only on realistic prompts. From
this image into this image. This preset will
make the model to lose its fantastic prompt
capability. You see this is the base generation
and this is the ultra-realistic generation. So
this will work good with realistic prompts.
I mean, from this image into this image,
this is much more realistic, but it loses
its fantastic prompt capability. For example,
from this image into this one, this is very,
very realistic or this one. For example,
from this image into this one. So this
ultra-realistic preset will work best
in case of when you want to generate something
that exists in real life, something that you can
get in your real life. It will make it much
more realistic. So if you are looking that,
losing the fantastic prompt capability but have
very realistic images, you will like this. I mean
from this image into this one. This turns images
into like real photos because this another LoRA
is trained for only real images. However, this
is a choice. I mean from this to this, you see,
it will get a huge amount of realism from this
into this. I will explain all these presets.
So first of all, download our latest SwarmUI
model downloader and installer. The link
will be in the description of the video.
Move the file into your existing SwarmUI,
extract files, and overwrite previous files like
this. If you don't know how to install SwarmUI,
ComfyUI, how to train, all of them are explained
in these tutorials video. You see this is the main
install tutorial video. This is install tutorial
on cloud like MassedCompute or RunPod, and this is
our training tutorial. Let me show you each one
of them. When you go to videos on our channel,
this is our Qwen image models training video. If
you want to do train yourself or your product or
your style, this is the video that you need
to watch. And this is the video that you need
to follow to learn how to install SwarmUI and
ComfyUI and use SwarmUI with ComfyUI backend.
And this is the tutorial that explains how to
install SwarmUI and ComfyUI on cloud machines
like RunPod or MassedCompute. Okay, now we have
the newest files. First of all, start the Windows
start download models App.bat file. Run. First
of all, if you want to have all the image models,
you can download the image generation and editing
bundle. This will only download the new LoRAs.
Which one of them? The new LoRAs that we are going
to use are these two LoRAs for realism. Moreover,
I have included the FLUX Dev Fill model which
I'm going to show you how to use to edit existing
images very fast and very accurately. If you
want to individually download them, go to image
generation models, go to Qwen image models, and
you will see the Qwen LoRA amateur photo. This
makes huge changes, not the one that I prefer.
And you will see Qwen LoRA skin fix version 2.
This is the one that I prefer. I will show that.
And for the Flux fill model, it is inside Flux
models and you will see FLUX Dev Fill model. This
is for fixing images like removing text from the
certain part of the image. Once you downloaded the
models by clicking on them, update your SwarmUI.
For updating SwarmUI, I will run this, Windows
update SwarmUI. Always have updated SwarmUI.
Once the SwarmUI started, we need to get the
new presets. So there are two ways of getting
new presets. You can use the Windows preset delete
import. This is automatic way. For this to work,
you need to have SwarmUI running. So click yes,
it will back up your existing presets and it will
import new presets. The manual way of importing
new presets is import presets, choose file, select
the latest preset file version 31, overwrite
existing presets and import, and this will update
your presets. Then click refresh, sort by name,
and you are ready to use our newest presets. So
for example, let's make an example of this image,
how to make it more realistic. First of all,
as I have shown in previous videos, reset params
to default. Then go to presets, refresh, sort by
name, and select this preset, Qwen Image UHD High
Realism. This is the preset that I prefer. Direct
apply. You will see that it has selected Qwen
LoRA skin fix version 2. Now this is set as 0.6
for your self-trained models, but if you want to
use the base Qwen image FP8 scaled, increase this
up to 1.2, 1.1, 1.2, it really works well. But
for my own trained models, I prefer 0.6. Then
type your prompt, select your trained model if
you are using it on a trained model. For example,
I'm going to use my Qwen fine-tuned base model
FP8 scaled. All of these explained in the training
tutorial. I will select my aspect ratio. Then I am
ready. I will just hit generate. As I have shown
in previous tutorial, it is recommended to disable
upscale, generate multiple images, pick the best
one you like, then enable upscale with that seed,
but I'm not going to show it again. So let's see
our result with this realism LoRA. And we got our
image ready. Let's say this is too much changes,
you can reduce this or this is not real enough,
you can increase this. So if you want to test
with other presets as well, you can copy this
seed into here, just close these two LoRAs,
go back to presets, and apply this one. Direct
apply. It will select the accurate LoRAs,
but you will see that it has changed the base
model. Therefore, I'm going to switch back to
my used base model like this and generate and
let's see the difference. So this LoRA is very
powerful. Therefore, you can reduce this to 0.4.
It really works better that case. However, if you
are generating a very realistic image, then 0.6 is
working very good. So this LoRA is very overfit,
overtrained for amateur photographs, for making
them more realistic. It's a choice whichever you
want, you can use, but this is how you change
the LoRA strength, the LoRA weight from here.
So try different strengths, different weights,
and see which one is working best for you. And
this is the ultra realism preset result. So this
was my favorite preset for realism with keeping
the fantastic prompt capability of the model, and
this is the ultra realism result. It is up to you.
So how you can inpaint an existing image with your
trained model? The logic is same for non-trained
model as well. So first of all, load your
image and click edit image. Then apply the
preset that you have used or you have. I'm going
to use this realism preset that we just made,
and I'm going to select my trained base model,
Qwen image base model. Then you see currently
this image is massive, 3488 to 1984. The model
is not able to inpaint or generate this image
directly. This was an upscaled image. Therefore,
I'm going to change this to one-to-one square.
Now you will see that my working canvas
is only this yellow area. So I am able to
only make changes on this area. So the first
thing that I need to do is select my image,
click this move like this, and make sure that
the area that I want to make changes is inside
this yellow part and there are no transparent
pixels. This is important. Make sure that there
are no transparent pixels. And I recommend you
to delete this empty layer. Okay, like this. Now
select mask and select paint brush and increase
radius. You can also use control. So I'm going
to inpaint the entire face like this. And turn
off the refine upscale. Okay, are we ready? Not
yet. So you will see that currently these are my
init image settings. I'm going to go presets and
I am going to apply the inpainting preset. Direct
apply, and it will set the accurate settings. It
is going to use mask shrink grow. What this does
is it is going to use this full resolution 1328 to
1328 only on this masked area, not this entire
yellow canvas. So it is only going to use this
part. And then there is one more thing. So with
Qwen, we are doing four steps by using the Qwen
image edit lightning LoRA. Therefore, if I run my
generation right now, it will only do two steps.
Why? Because my step count is 4 and my init image
creativity is 0.6. So when you multiply 0.6 with
4, it is going to do 2.4 steps, which is ceiled
to two. Therefore, I need to set this into 7. With
Flux, you need to make recalculations. This is how
the number of steps works, but usually Flux preset
is working, I will show. So the prompt will be
ohwx man and generate. Now this generation will be
ultra fast. Why? Because it is only 1328 to 1328
with only four steps. So one advantage is that I
can generate multiple images like this, and I can
pick the best one. So you see this is the preview.
Okay, this is the first generation. If I like
this, I can use this. You can generate multiple
ones because this will be so fast. It is taking
like 15 seconds. Okay, this is another one. Okay,
here. So generate as many as you want with seed
-1. Each generation will be different. Then look
at the results. Okay, let's see. Let's say I
liked this one and I want to use this one. So,
are we done? No, we need to merge this generated
image into our image. So drag and drop it into
here. You will see that there is now another
image in our working space. And before saving
this image, delete this layer as well. So there
should be only two images like this. Go to this
three dots icon and store full canvas to history.
And then you will see that you got the new image.
So let's compare these two images. Okay, now we
have a comparison. So this was our base image and
this is our inpainted image. From this image into
this image. This image into this image. We have
significantly improved the quality of the face
like this as you are seeing. From this to this,
this to this. So there is another thing that
you can do. If you find that this has changed
the color or other thing, even though you have
made a lot of generations, what you can do is you
can disable the mask shrink grow. So let's reverse
our changes. Okay, the reverse is not working, so
therefore we need to start from beginning. So drag
and drop our image, edit image, and again, we will
select the one-to-one square, select this base
image, move it like this, select the mask. Make
sure to select mask, paint brush, select wherever
the area you want. Then okay, it is set. I am
going to disable this mask shrink grow to show you
its effect. So now instead of only focusing on the
face part, it will draw the entire image but only
change the face part. This is another option that
you can do. Whichever works better for you, you
can use it. So make a comparison and see which
one is you are liking more. Furthermore, what you
can do is you can change this mask blur. Sometimes
more blur can help or sometimes lesser can help
like this. So these are the options that you can
do. Of course, you can change image creativity as
well. So if I make this 50%, like this, then to
do four steps, I need to make step count 8 because
8 multiplied with 0.5 is four steps and generate.
So this way, I can make multiple generations,
multiple fixes and pick the best one that I like.
For example, this one, another generation. By the
way, when you look at it from far away like this,
you won't notice the color difference. It will
look pretty, pretty good, like this one. Okay,
so which one of them I like most? Let's say I
like this one most. This is looking pretty good
one. Again, I will drag and drop it here.
Then I will delete this layer and I will
delete this layer. Then I will go three dots,
store full canvas to history. Alternatively,
you can download full canvas and both of them will
work. So you can either download full canvas or
just store it. And you don't need a trained model
to do this. You can do this with other models as
well. Let me demonstrate you. So let's refresh.
Quick tools, reset params to default. Let's go to
presets and Flux dev models. Direct apply. Move my
image, edit image. First, change the resolution,
one-to-one square. Then move the image, select the
image, move it like this one. Then mask the area
that you want. So select mask, paint brush. I'm
using control button. Okay, I masked it. And this
time, it is a Flux preset, so I will just say that
photo of a man and I'm going to increase the image
creativity because I want to change it into a
different man like this and generate. So this way,
I'm going to use Flux base model to change it.
Actually, let's use the Flux SRPO model. This
is much more realistic. So I'm going to change
it into Flux SRPO. Or I can even use my Flux
SRPO DreamBooth trained model. Let's see that too
as well. I'm not sure what we are going to get.
And this is going to make 40 multiplied with
0.95 times steps. Always calculate the number
of steps if you are using lightning LoRAs that
requires certain number of steps, you have to pay
attention to that. Okay, it is changed into this.
We can make this even 100% like this one. Let's
see what we are going to get. Okay. Yeah, when we
make it 100%, it is losing its initial capability,
so we should make this like maybe 99%. Probably it
wouldn't make a difference. So 95% is what we get
best. Therefore, we should try multiple times and
I can notice that there is some color difference.
To make this color difference, we should make
this zero. Okay, let's try again. We didn't apply
our preset. We have forgotten that. Let's apply
our preset. Let's make this 95%. Okay. So with
inpainting, you have to make some tests. Sometimes
this color difference can't be fully prevented,
unfortunately. This is what you need to test
and this is how you inpaint. In most cases,
it won't be very noticeable, especially if it
is not like this one. Okay, I can even make this
90%. So try mask blur 8. So keep trying until
you get a good result. I am also going to use
my Flux DreamBooth model, Flux SRPO DreamBooth
model, and let's see what we get. Maybe I will
try this 60%. The lesser init image creativity, it
should make a lesser color difference. This has a
huge difference. So let's try 16 mask blur. I'm
not sure you need to test. This is a bigger mask
blur. It also has some hard difference. This was
very close. Okay, for example, this is inpainted
with Flux SRPO. It is not yet great. So if you
don't want to get that annoying color difference,
what you can do is delete the mask, add a mask
layer, and make a much more precise masking. So
if you make a much more precise masking and avoid
masking unwanted areas, you will minimize your
color differences. This is probably more accurate
way of inpainting, rather than masking the
entire thing, just mask the area that you want to
inpaint, and you will get lesser color like this.
So for outpainting, let's refresh our page,
reset params to default. We are going to use
outpainting preset. This preset is going to
use Flux fill dev model. Outpainting is very
similar to inpainting. There are few tricks that
you have to follow. So I will click edit image
after I loaded my image. So you see, this is my
resolution. One of the most important thing is
the resolution. As close as it is 1 megapixel, it
will work better. So for outpainting this image,
I am going to change my resolution to 1024
pixel. This is the best resolution. However,
it can do bigger outpaintings as well. Normally,
you should do slower outpaintings. What I mean
by that, for example, you should first outpaint
into this one, then increase it further. However,
let's try this one. This is a big one. So I will
delete this mask and I will add another mask
layer and just paint brush like this. Then let's
generate eight images with different seeds to pick
the best one. This is pretty fast depending on
your resolution. Since this is 1 megapixel, it is
going to be fairly fast. You see the first image
didn't work very well. Let's look at the newer
ones. If you also see a preview like this, you can
just cancel that and move to the next one. That is
another alternative. Okay, you see the third one
is going to work. If it doesn't work, then you
need to reduce your resolution and do smaller
steps outpainting. This is the logic. Okay,
this one worked. So this is the image. So what is
the smaller step? Let's outpaint into 1024 to 896
first. So if you do smaller steps, it will work
much better. So you see, the first image is almost
perfect. And yes, it is done like this. Then what
I need to do is I will select this image, drag and
drop it into here, and then delete this mask and
this image layer and click this three dots icon,
store current image to history. Then I can click
edit image and I can begin again. So I will
now expand it like this, and then just delete
this mask, make a new mask and like this. You
don't need to fill it entirely and generate. Pay
attention that I am not typing anything because it
is seeing this entire image and based on that,
Flux fill dev model is outpainting it. This is
the logic of Flux fill dev model. And you see, now
it will work much better. How about bigger images?
Can it do outpainting them as well? Let's try one
of them. Okay, I will cancel this, remove this
image. Okay, for example, this is 1328 to 1328.
This is bigger than the native resolution of the
Flux fill dev model. So first, try outpaint like
this. Okay, first, let's delete the mask layer,
add a new mask so it will fit into here. Select
mask, select paint brush, type like this and
generate. Since this is a bigger image, it is
going to take longer to generate, but let's see
what can it do. Can it do this resolution? This
is a pretty big resolution, almost 2 megapixel.
So far, it looks like it is handling it good.
So this is the logic of outpainting. This way, I
can outpaint multiple times. Okay, it is done and
looking perfect. Yes, no issues. So first, let's
apply this. Okay, let's delete this layer, delete
this image layer, and store current image to
history. Then edit image. Now I will outpaint to
the this part like this. Or you can outpaint even
further like this. How? Select image from here.
While hitting shift key, move it to the right like
this. Okay. Then delete this mask layer, add a new
mask layer, select paint brush, add mask like this
and hit generate. Now we will be expanding from
both sides. We can even expand from all sides. It
is totally possible. I will show that too. And we
are expanding it into a massive resolution. Okay,
let's cancel. Wow, looking pretty good, pretty
good. So let's do another example. This time I am
going to expand from all sides. So let's make this
bigger like this. You see? Then select the image,
move it with shift key like this so it will be
more proportional. Then delete this mask layer,
add a mask layer, paint brush, just this. This
is sufficient and hit generate. So now we will
be expanding from all sides. This way, you can
outpaint your images with a really, really good
quality with our prepared outpainting preset. And
as you do bigger resolution, it will take more
time, as you can assume, but it is working great.
So far, the preview is looking good. This way,
I can outpaint entire image at once. And it is
done. You see, even at the first try, I got a
very, very good result. This is the amazing
result. So this is how you outpaint images.
Okay, last thing is removing something that we
want to have in images. So let's refresh the
page. Quick tools, reset params to default. Go to
presets, Flux dev models, direct apply. Then from
the models, select the Flux dev fill model. Load
the image that you want to fix, make changes, edit
image. The first thing is setting the accurate
resolution. So our working canvas is now this
yellow area. Select image, move. So move it into
the position which one you want to fix. I am going
to remove this text. This is a noise in my image.
Then I am going to select mask, paint brush,
select the area like this. Now, for this one, I am
going to use init image creativity 1, and I am not
going to enable mask shrink grow because this
way it works better. I'm not going to type any
prompt. Therefore, it will analyze entire image
and it is going to only change this part. And
you can make the mask blur 1 or 4. You should try
multiple. I think some cases 4 is working better,
some cases 1 is working better. As you reduce
it, it is making more changes. This is what I
understand. For example, currently it is going to
remove it. Yes. You see, it has removed the text.
This is not perfect, so I can try multiple times
or I can play with the mask blur and see which
one will be perfect. Okay, second case doesn't
look like it has removed. Yeah, the third case,
it looks like it is going to remove. So with each
seed, it will make a different and when you don't
provide any prompt, it is supposed to make the
changes according to the environment. Yes, this
is looking much better. And here another one we
are going to get. You can also increase the mask
size like this and try because we want it to have
more information. Okay, so currently these are my
init image settings, creativity 1 and mask blur 8,
mask grow 0. I don't need mask grow. Okay, this is
looking much better for example. So I'm going to
apply this. Drag and drop this image into here.
Delete the mask layer, delete this image. Why I
am deleting that image? Because currently you see
this image has a canvas like this. So if I store
full canvas to history, you will get an empty
space like this. You see? Because it is applying
this canvas too. So either I have to move them
into the same place or I have to delete this, then
I will store full canvas to history. And yes. So I
have only modified this part of the image, removed
that noise text by using the Flux fill model.
This is the logic of working with inpainting in
SwarmUI. As you do more practice, as you use it
more, you will get used to it. And hopefully, more
tutorials are coming soon. For example, now we
have Levo song generation model version 7. Now we
are supporting the newest full model. It is very,
very capable. It is able to generate up to 4.5
minute songs. I am still working it. It is not
fully done yet. So let me turn off my SwarmUI to
make an example for you. This is another tutorials
topic, but why not seeing now? Okay. This is our
interface. You see now we are supporting song
generation large, best quality. So let's generate
a song live and let's see. This is the default
song that we have. This is running locally,
so you are not bound to any other services,
online services. And recently, one of the famous
AI music generation service stopped its working.
So this is the way of future, I say. And it is
getting pretty good VRAM optimized. Hopefully,
I am going to also add FP8 scaled model loading
and perhaps block swapping as well to this model,
but currently it is working really, really
good. Okay, it is doing the diffusion
steps. You see it is only using 6 GB of VRAM while
doing the diffusion steps. Then it is doing the
VAE decoding and first it has generated
the audio tokens. It is super optimized,
but hopefully it will get even further optimized,
and it is using minimal amount of VRAM right now.
The speed is very decent. For like a three
minutes of song, it takes like three to four
minutes to generate. Maybe we will optimize
this further. Okay, all segments generated.
File saved. Now let's listen our generated
song. So you see it is 2 minutes 53 seconds.
I've been walking through the shadows of my
mind. Searching for the words I couldn't find.
Every heartbeat echoes in the dark, waiting for a
flame to light the spark. But I'm still breathing,
still believing that tomorrow brings
a brand new start. I'm still fighting,
still surviving with the fire burning in my heart.
Yes, as you are seeing, it is pretty good.
This is locally running on my computer. I
am still working it and hopefully it
will become even better. But you can
already download it from our Patreon post
and install and use it on your computer,
on RunPod, or on MassedCompute. Hopefully
see you in another amazing tutorial video.